Create one completed static character sheet of the single character in the provided reference image.
Arrange exactly 2 panels showing only these selected views simultaneously: anatomical left-profile portrait; dedicated feet/footwear close-up. All views depict the same identity, not different people.

Use the provided reference image for identity, default appearance, clothing, accessories and visual style. Preserve the same facial features, body proportions, skin appearance and reference-consistent asymmetries wherever visible, except for applicable explicit appearance changes.
Preserve the reference's barefoot or footwear state and visible shoe design rather than substituting bare feet for footwear.
Infer unseen surfaces conservatively. Do not assert hidden back or shoe construction, or invent unsupported costume elements beyond explicit appearance directives.

Keep consistent soft lighting and a plain, unobtrusive light background. Leave clear empty outer margins and narrow gutters; keep each depiction separate and inside its assigned region without stretching anatomy.
Layout specification (semantic placement guidance, not text to draw): {"canvas":[736,1280],"panels":[{"id":"face_left","rect":[0.119565,0.062500,0.760870,0.542500],"view":"anatomical left-profile portrait","content":"Show the reference character from the complete head through the chest in a strict anatomical left-profile portrait. The camera faces the character's anatomical left side. Keep a true side view, not a front or three-quarter view, without cutting the hairstyle or top of the head."},{"id":"feet","rect":[0.119565,0.640000,0.760870,0.297500],"view":"dedicated feet/footwear close-up","content":"Show a dedicated close-up of both complete feet or footwear in a natural three-quarter detail view. Keep the complete silhouettes, toe areas, heels, sole edges, and visible boot shafts inside this separate panel. Feet visible in another selected view do not replace this close-up. Show the outer toe boxes of closed shoes rather than bare toes through closed shoes. Keep open-toed footwear open-toed.\nPreserve the reference's barefoot or footwear state, colors, materials, shape, and visible construction. If footwear is not visible in the reference, do not assert a specific hidden shoe design."}],"feet_y":null}
Read rect coordinates as normalized [left, top, width, height] from the upper-left corner; canvas dimensions are pixels. These coordinates guide composition, not hard masks. Do not draw panel IDs, coordinates or the JSON into the image.
Place the selected portrait and/or detail views in the leftmost auxiliary column.
Place the selected portraits above the lower detail band, separated by clear empty space.
Panel face_left occupies [left, top, width, height] = [0.119565, 0.062500, 0.760870, 0.542500]. Show the reference character from the complete head through the chest in a strict anatomical left-profile portrait. The camera faces the character's anatomical left side. Keep a true side view, not a front or three-quarter view, without cutting the hairstyle or top of the head.
Panel feet occupies [left, top, width, height] = [0.119565, 0.640000, 0.760870, 0.297500]. Show a dedicated close-up of both complete feet or footwear in a natural three-quarter detail view. Keep the complete silhouettes, toe areas, heels, sole edges, and visible boot shafts inside this separate panel. Feet visible in another selected view do not replace this close-up. Show the outer toe boxes of closed shoes rather than bare toes through closed shoes. Keep open-toed footwear open-toed.
Preserve the reference's barefoot or footwear state, colors, materials, shape, and visible construction. If footwear is not visible in the reference, do not assert a specific hidden shoe design.

Show exactly the selected views. Do not add unselected views, extra people, sheet captions, panel labels, watermarks, panel borders or drawn alignment lines. Text, lettering, logos or patterns explicitly requested by an applicable part directive belong only on that part, never in sheet captions. Otherwise preserve existing reference details without inventing new lettering or patterns.
