Create one completed static character sheet of the single character in the provided reference image.
Arrange exactly 1 panels showing only these selected views simultaneously: full-body front. All views depict the same identity, not different people.

Use the provided reference image for identity, default appearance, clothing, accessories and visual style. Preserve the same facial features, body proportions, skin appearance and reference-consistent asymmetries wherever visible, except for applicable explicit appearance changes.
Preserve reference gloves rather than replacing them with bare hands.
Preserve the reference's barefoot or footwear state and visible shoe design rather than substituting bare feet for footwear.
Infer unseen surfaces conservatively. Do not assert hidden back or shoe construction, or invent unsupported costume elements beyond explicit appearance directives.

Keep consistent soft lighting and a plain, unobtrusive light background. Leave clear empty outer margins and narrow gutters; keep each depiction separate and inside its assigned region without stretching anatomy.
Layout specification (semantic placement guidance, not text to draw): {"canvas":[608,1280],"panels":[{"id":"body_front","rect":[0.131579,0.062500,0.736842,0.875000],"view":"full-body front","content":"Show the reference character directly from the front in a neutral standing pose, entirely visible from the top of the head to the bottoms of the feet or footwear."}],"feet_y":0.937500}
Read rect coordinates as normalized [left, top, width, height] from the upper-left corner; canvas dimensions are pixels. These coordinates guide composition, not hard masks. Do not draw panel IDs, coordinates or the JSON into the image.
Arrange the full-body columns from left to right as full-body front.
Keep a common subject scale, head height and panel limits across the full-body views, aligning the bottoms of the feet or footwear to the shared feet_y baseline. Do not crop the complete head, hands, feet or visible footwear.
Panel body_front occupies [left, top, width, height] = [0.131579, 0.062500, 0.736842, 0.875000]. Show the reference character directly from the front in a neutral standing pose, entirely visible from the top of the head to the bottoms of the feet or footwear.

Show exactly the selected views. Do not add unselected views, extra people, sheet captions, panel labels, watermarks, panel borders or drawn alignment lines. Text, lettering, logos or patterns explicitly requested by an applicable part directive belong only on that part, never in sheet captions. Otherwise preserve existing reference details without inventing new lettering or patterns.
